Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here.
Before we start, WARNING!
Spoilers Ahead!
Today, I'm going to recap a 2013 Korean Crime-Thriller
movie called New World.
An undercover police officer goes deep inside
the heart of a Korean crime syndicate.
When the head of the organization is killed
in a mysterious accident, he is trapped in
the succession war.
Will he be able to take them down?
Goldmoon is the biggest crime syndicate in
Korea that operates under the face of a legitimate
corporate enterprise.
It runs under the leadership of Chairman Seok,
the man who managed to unite various crime
clans under Goldmoon.
He was recently able to escape prosecution
on several charges.
In the process, he realizes that the police
might have a spy inside his organization.
Ja-sung, a high-ranking player in the organization,
and his men are doing a witch hunt to find
the mole.
They capture a suspected member and torture
him to get a confession.
They aren't able to get a confession so they
kill him and ditch his body into the ocean
inside a barrel.
Meanwhile, Chairman Seok is on the way back
from his mistress house.
A truck suddenly appears at an intersection
and rams the car.
The emergency unit manages to arrive on time
and brings Chairman Seok to the hospital.
The news about it quickly spread and the whole
organization gathered at the hospital.
Ja-sung meets with Jong-goo there, one of
the three top leaders under Chairman Seok.
He then goes to the airport to greet the other
leader, Chung, who just came back from Shanghai.
Chung is a rather eccentric man, but he considers
Ja-sung as his close friend as they have known
each other for a long time.
On the way to the hospital, Chung gives Ja-sung
a watch as a gift to celebrate his wife's
pregnancy.
But Ja-sung declines the gift because it's
a knock-off brand and mocks him for buying
it.
Being an eccentric person, he lashes his frustration
at his subordinate for telling him that it
looks real.
All of the organization leaders have gathered
at the hospital to wait for the operation
result.
The doctors come out from the operation room
and announce that Chairman Seok has passed
away.
The news makes Jong-goo angry with the doctor
and leaves the others confused as the organization's
future becomes uncertain.
On the next day, they held a grand funeral
ceremony to give their last respect to Chairman
Seok.
The police also show up to do surveillance
which angers Jong-goo.
He confronts them and smashes their camera.
Chief Kang, a police chief leading the investigation
against Goldmoon, comes to help his subordinate.
Jong-goo backs out and pays them for the broken
camera.
Back at the police headquarter, the higher-ups
are discussing the contentious factions vie
for succession after the death of Chairman
Seok.
Goldmoon is an amalgamation of the Jaebum
Clan, Jeil Clan, and Nothmoon Clan.
Three candidates will likely fill the open
seat of Goldmoon's new chairman.
The first candidate is Chung, supported by
the Northmoon clan, and has close ties with
the triads and often manages businesses outside
Korea.
The second candidate is Jong-goo, supported
by the most prominent Jaebum Clan, and was
close to Chairman Seok.
These two candidates are the most likely to
fill the vacant seat as they are the most
influential leaders at the organization.
The last candidate is Soo-ki, backed by the
Jeil Clan.
But Soo-ki is old, and his power is unlikely
to match the other two candidates.
The police plan to influence the succession
process to bring them down.
Ja-sung is playing a board game with an unknown
lady.
He tells her about the upcoming board meeting
held in 2 days to discuss the succession process.
Suddenly he becomes annoyed and heads to an
abandoned building to meet a particular person.
That person is Chief Kang.
Ja-sung turns out to be an undercover cop
that infiltrates the Goldmoon syndicate, and
the unknown lady before is his handler.
He has risen through ranks for the past eight
years and has become the 5th rank in command,
just under the 3 top leaders and Chairman
Seok.
He is mad at Chief Kang because he promised
him that his job would be done once they took
care of Chairman Seok.
But his handler told him that now he has to
assist the mission to influence the succession
process.
He is also pissed because somehow Chief Kang
knows that his wife is pregnant and presents
him.
That means that someone is following him without
him knowing.
He feels frustrated by the situation, but
he has no other choice.
Two days later, they held the board meeting
as planned.
They decided to fit a voting session next
week to pick the new chairman.
As expected, two opposing factions arise between
Chung and Jong-goo.
Ja-sung is closer to Chung, but he does not
officially support anyone.
He walks back to the car park with Chung.
Chung tells him that he needs to go back to
Shanghai for business soon and asks him to
look after his office so Jong-goo can't do
anything while away.
Suddenly, a car appears and almost runs them
over.
It turns out to be Jong-goo, trying to mess
with them and then drives away.
Chung then invites Ja-sung to have a little
feast to celebrate his wife's pregnancy.
Ja-sung then goes to his handler to relay
more intel.
He asks her about the details of the mission
as his life is in the line, but the handler
can't share the information with him as the
protocol says.
Ja-sung only needs to do as he is told, which
makes him angry.
Even his comrades in the syndicates trust
him more than the fellow police do.
Just before he leaves, he tells her that Chung
will leave the country tomorrow afternoon.
Meanwhile, Jong-goo invites the other leader
to his office and tries to intimidate them
into supporting him.
On the next day, Ja-sung accompanies Chung
to the airport.
He realizes that many undercover cops are
monitoring them there.
He doesn't know what is going to happen, which
makes him nervous.
Just after Chung passes the security gate,
some police officer comes to him and takes
him away.
He meets with Chief Kang in an interrogation
room nearby.
Chief Kang shows him a file about the Goldmoon
investigation report.
Chang realized that the file includes some
internal data that only can be obtained if
the police still have some spy inside the
organization.
But to his surprise, Chief Kang proposes a
plan to take down Jong-goo together so Chung
can easily take the vacant Chairman role.
Chief Kang tells him to think about it over
his flight.
Just before Chung leaves, he wonders how the
police know that he will fly to Shanghai today.
On the plane, he tells his lawyer to do a
background check on Chief Kang and hire a
hitman group to clean the moles inside the
organization.
After that, Chief Kang takes his men to make
a move.
Jong-goo and his crew are in the middle of
breakfast when suddenly the police barge into
the restaurant.
Chief Kang shows him the court certified warrant
and takes him away.
Just before they leave, Jong-goo wonders if
Chung has sold him out, which Chief Kang answers
vaguely.
Chung receives the news about the arrest and
immediately plans a meeting with Jong-goo
and flies back to Korea.
When he arrives in Korea, he goes straight
to meet Jong-goo and exchange some heated
conversation which ends with Jon-goo warning
him, But Chung insists that the one leaking
the information was not him.
Chung then goes to meet with Chief Kang discreetly
in an empty stadion.
He gives him a box full of mooncakes as a
token of appreciation.
Chief Kang checks the gift and finds bundles
of money inside the mooncake.
Chung hopes that it can smoothen things up
for his future business with his help.
He declines it and throws them on the floor.
Ja-sung brings his wife to an obstetrician
to monitor her pregnancy.
On the way back, his wife gets a call and
receives it in private.
It turns out that it's from Chief Kang, asking
her about Ja-sung.
She spies on his husband behind him for Chief
Kang.
Like her husband, she feels that this espionage
mission has put a lot of stress, so she wants
to quit.
She also feels more loyal to her husband now
since he is the one who helped her out of
his miserable old life.
The background check result on Chief Kang
has finally arrived, not only information
about Chief Kang, the Chinese hacker Chung
hired manages to get classified information
about the whole espionage mission.
The file he reads shocks Chung.
Meanwhile, the hitman group that Chung employs
has arrived in Korea.
They are a famous Chinese hitman group called
the Yanbian Hobos.
Ja-sung suddenly calls Chung, asking about
his sudden arrival in Korea.
Chung acts friendly as usual then tells him
to meet him in a warehouse because he has
a special surprise.
Ja-sung has a bad feeling, but he can’t
decline it.
The Yanbian Hobos make their first move.
From the hacked file, they know the identity
of Ja-sung’s handler and visit her.
She fights back, but the Yanbian Hobos manages
to get her alive.
Ja-sung arrives at the warehouse and comes
inside with his trusted subordinate, Suk-mu.
Chung tells him to open a barrel to get the
surprise that Chung promised on the phone
before.
Ja-sung cautiously approaches the barrel and
opens it.
To his surprise, he finds his handler inside,
stripped to her underwear and all bloody.
Chung explains that the
lady inside the barrel, who Ja-sung routinely
meets to play chess and relay intel, is a
spy.
Ja-sung sweats heavily as Chung hands him
the mission file with detailed information
of the involved personnel.
Chung has one final surprise for him and tells
him to flip the file to the last page.
Just before he manages to read the final page,
Chung grabs a spade and viciously hits Suk-mu.
Unknown to Ja-sung, his most trusted subordinate
in the organization is also an undercover
cop.
Chung manages to find all the spies around
Ja-sung and eliminates them as a gift for
him.
This confuses Ja-sung because although Chung
has the mission file, somehow he doesn’t
know his real identity.
Chung tells the Yanbian Hobos to have some
fun with the handler’s body, making Ja-sung
grab a gun and shoot her to save her from
what the Yanbian Hobos will do to her.
Meanwhile, Chief Kang goes to the prison to
meet Jong-goo.
He gives Jong-goo photos of Chung and him,
making Jong-goo think that Chung is the one
who sold him.
Jong-goo then tells his men to do a little
retaliation to Chung.
On the next day, Ja-sung goes to Chief Kang
to discuss the situation.
Chief Kang tells him that their system is
hacked, and all of the classified information
has been leaked.
Ja-sung desperately wants to pull out from
the mission, but suddenly Soo-ki, the organization’s
third leader, appears.
Chief Kang has agreed to help him get the
chairman seat so the police can control the
organization from within.
Chief Kang threatens to spread Ja-sung’s
identity, making him not have other choices
besides continuing the plan, although Chief
Kang has promised to pull him out.
Jong-goo’s men make their move and organize
an attack on Chung.
Despite being outnumbered, he manages to give
the attacker a hard time.
He is trapped inside an elevator full of Jong-goo’s
men.
He takes them down, but it leaves him heavily
injured.
The police come and bring the wounded to the
hospital.
Jong-goo’s men also try to get Ja-sung’s
wife, but the police are already waiting for
them.
Unfortunately, the shock makes his wife having
a miscarriage.
The doctor tells Ja-sung that his wife’s
stress level has affected the pregnancy.
Ja-sung hears about what happened to Chung
and goes to the hospital.
His condition is terrible.
Chung wants to talk with his best friend for
the last time.
He tells him to choose a side for his own
good, signaling that he knows Ja-sung’s
identity.
Just before Chung passes away, he tells Ja-sung
that he leaves a present in his office safe.
The organization then held its second funeral
this month, sending off one of the succession
candidates.
With Chung’s death and Jong-goo locked in
the prison, Soo-ki succession seems to be
a smooth ride.
Ja-sung goes to Chung’s office and finds
his file inside the safe.
He also finds a watch, a present that Chung
promised, but it is not a knock-off brand
this time.
He realizes that Chung is really his true
best friend.
But he realizes it too late.
On the voting day, Soo-ki asks Ja-sung to
ride with him to the board meeting.
But suddenly, they head to a remote location
with a bunch of Soo-ki men surrounding them.
It turns out that Soo-ki plans to betray his
agreement with the police and eliminate Ja-sung.
But instead of Ja-sung, they beat Soo-ki.
The absence of Chung and Jong-goo makes Ja-sung
the most influential person in the organization.
Meanwhile, the police released Jong-goo that
day.
He goes to his office to find out that Ja-sung’s
men are already waiting for him.
They then throw him down the building, eliminating
him.
Ja-sung also sends the Yanbian Hobo to eradicate
the other leader supporting Soo-ki, and Chief
Kang, who has repeatedly betrayed his promises.
He is done playing spy for the police, sacrificing
so many things.
He decides to take his new role as the chairman
of the Goldmoon crime syndicate, living his
life as a free man under his own will.
Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like and
comment to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching, and see you, next
time.